release/v0.8.0 (#49)
fivetran/dbt_sap: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_sap v0.8.0

[PR #49](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sap/pull/49) includes the following updates:

> ## Breaking Schema Change (--full-refresh required after upgrading)

Reviewer: Just curious, is there a reason this is separate from the Schema/Data Change section, or is it important enough to stand on its own? We can still prioritize it at the top of the table and bold these are breaking changes.

Author: Yes. The other way made the table too wide and difficult to read, and I wanted this change to stand out because of its significance. I think this format is much clearer. I didn't want to force it into the standard format when doing so makes things harder to understand.

**7 total changes • 4 breaking changes**

| Data Model(s) | Change type | Old | New | Notes |
| ---------- | ----------- | -------- | -------- | ----- |

> | **Breaking:**<br><br>All `compatibility_views` models | Schema | `<target_schema>`<br>`_sap_comp_views` | `<target_schema>`<br>`_sap` | Any downstream queries, BI tools, or other dbt projects that reference these models by their old schema will break until updated to point at the new schema. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Breaking:**<br><br>All `compatibility_views` models | Schema | `<target_schema>`<br>`_sap_comp_views` | `<target_schema>`<br>`_sap` | Any downstream queries, BI tools, or other dbt projects that reference these models by their old schema will grow stale until updated to point at the new schema. |
```

Is this more accurate?

Author: Ah yes thank you. Updated.

Any downstream queries, BI tools, or other dbt projects that reference these models by their old schema will break until updated to point at the new schema.

## Schema/Data Change
**2 total changes • 0 breaking changes**

| Data Model(s) | Change type | Old | New | Notes |
| ---------- | ----------- | -------- | -------- | ----- |

> | [`faglflext`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/model/model.sap.faglflext)<br>[`anep`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/model/model.sap.anep)<br>[`anlp`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/model/model.sap.anlp) | New Compatibility Views | | | Adds three new compatibility views: General Ledger Totals (`faglflext`, from ACDOCA), Asset Line Items (`anep`, from ACDOCA), and Asset Periodic Values (`anlp`, from FAAT_PLAN_VALUES + ANLA). |

Reviewer: In the Notes section, should we tweak it to call out the specific tables that need to be enabled for these Compatibility views to run, to make it easier for Quickstart customers to understand how to access these?  

One possible suggestion:

```suggestion
| [`faglflext`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/model/model.sap.faglflext)<br>[`anep`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/model/model.sap.anep)<br>[`anlp`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/model/model.sap.anlp) | New Compatibility Views | | | Adds three new compatibility views: General Ledger Totals (`faglflext`, needs 'ACDOCA', 'FINSC_LD_CMP', 'FINSC_LEDGER_REP' tables to run), Asset Line Items (`anep`,  needs 'ACDOCA', 'FINSC_LD_CMP', 'FINSC_LEDGER_REP' tables to run)), and Asset Periodic Values (`anlp`, needs 'FAAT_PLAN_VALUES' table + optional 'ANLA' table for fixed asset dimensions) |
```

Author: Makes sense to me. Thanks and added.

> | [`stg_sap__anla`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/model/model.sap.stg_sap__anla)<br>[`stg_sap__faat_plan_values`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/model/model.sap.stg_sap__faat_plan_values) | New Staging Models | | | Adds two new staging models supporting the `anlp` compatibility view: Asset Master (`ANLA`) and Asset Accounting Planned Values (`FAAT_PLAN_VALUES`). |

Reviewer: I think the Tmp Models are views so we need to add a row for those too (Or you can combine this entry into New Staging/Tmp models if it feels redundant)

Reviewer: Something like:

- in Change Type: "New Staging/Tmp Models"
- in Notes "new staging models (with corresponding `_tmp` models)"?

Author: I like the notes idea I'll do that.
